<b>John, Blythe, and Gregory House belong to David Shore, et al., at Bad Hat Harry, et cetera.  Private Utivich belongs to Quentin Tarantino.  Everyone you don't recognize is mine.  Being that this is an exercise, no copyright infringement is intended.  I want to see how a fictional work of prose formatted with HTML plays out in code form.</b>

/*/ Explanation:// <a href="https://github.com/Angelfirenze/SpiderMatrix" target="_blank">Spider-Matrix</a> //is my earlier first attempt at what is becoming a code-based graphic novel, with advice from devsingers at// <a href="http://zurb.com/forrst" target="_blank">Forrst</a>. /*/

John blinked through the falling darkness, willing himself not to look outside again at the devastation the hurricane had levied against his son's (and daughter-in-law's, a voice uncannily like that of his wife's whispered in his head) once-thriving city.

But the sight that brought him completely up short was that of his son hunched over in the darkness around them, dressed for some reason in what John could see was an extremely nice suit in his actual size.  John forced himself not to continue that train of thought in favor of simply doing what Blythe had asked so beseechingly at other times - this one, however, quite forcefully acidic - to simply watch Greg...Benyiamin, Blythe had corrected, spelling it quite readily and even writing out her son's full birth and further reclaimed name in their native Hebrew and the Anglicized version of the Irish spelling she herself had grown up with, and that which had been his original surname before he'd apparently requested to add Utivich, in obvious deference to the family they'd lost.

Beniyamin Yonah Gallagher Utivich was his legal name now, if you took out the title and all the accolades his son had...had achieved and earned...Jewish and Irish, he'd been from birth.  Polish Jewish and...well, just Irish, since Blythe hadn't thought it any fairer to him to raise him Catholic if she wasn't going to let him know at all that he was Jewish and was, thereby, taking away his choices in making her own.  
Even more, she'd said, wiping her eyes as they'd stood last in Arlington, staring at Ari's grave with its' Star of David adorning the crown.  The same for his parents, buried alongside him at the Three-General Aaron Smithson (John had never known the man who was his son's biological grandfather to have any other name) Utivich's request and his commanding officer, Four-Star General Aldo Raine having volunteered his own plot for his sole remaining subordinate, with whom he had become closest after the war.  Miriam Annalise Castelbolognese Utivich.

Her own father had been murdered by the Nazis, his wife had told him, still tearful.  Mrs. Utivich had told her long before of the day his ashes were delivered to their home, unable to keep from crying even after all that time.

Ironically, however, it hadn't been the Nazis who'd murdered the vast majority of Aaron, Ari, and Beniyamin's family...and here he wasn't even being complete, but he couldn't seem to stop himself.  The man named for his best friend was quite alive, if not well, as was his younger sister, together the two of them back in the place of their births and childhoods, hunting the murderer of Ari's half-brother, conceived during the war, a man who John had only ever known as Eli David, though he knew the man - his son's uncle - had had multiple aliases, so what did that matter, really?
His son didn't know - to John's own knowledge - that he knew anything about the name change or his family tree or any of it.  He was more than certain his son wholeheartedly believed he didn't care.
But if the opposite had also been true, he now reasoned, then why was...Benji, his mother had whispered fondly while conversing with his father and grandparents' gravestones, telling them all about how Holden was a miniature copy of Ari and they'd laugh to see it.  John had stopped listening at that point, his heart clutching at the fact that he'd never met either of his only child's own children.  

It is only recently that Blythe shared with him the harrowing details of each of their births, that Holden was actually supposed to be a twin, but that brother - Jude, Blythe had said shakily, murmuring Hebrew that he recognized but had never had been able to suss out even in all his time with Ari at West Point or Annapolis, or any of their time together with Blythe after that.

All evidence pointed to Greg (he knew his son no longer answered to that name, but figured it would be alright in his own mind) wanted to keep his heritage a secret for several reasons, though he knew for a fact that shame was not one of them as Blythe had readily told him that their grandchildrens' (Ari's grandchildren, too, Blythe's voice added again) surname always had been Utivich, that it was also Lisa's legal married name.
John was getting incredibly side-tracked.

As was obviously evidenced by the fact that G - Beniyamin had been openly staring in an angry, hostile fashion for some time and made a show of rolling his eyes that John had finally noticed.

